I used to consider myself as the most rational and logical person. Everytime someone used to ask for advise on what to do when they liked someone, i told them that they are an idiot and its just some stupid chemical imbalance in their brain. Just maintain distance and they'd be back to normal. Well, turns out things are not usually that simple.

Ace Academy, 2016, we in same batch when i first noticed you, it reminded me of a male classmate from back in college. I had a good laugh. I don't even remember how and when we started engaging, discussing questions together and where along the way i got mildly interested in you. But yeah, thanks to you i got decent marks. I don't think i'd have studied as much as i did, had it not been for you.

Finally, exam was over and a part of me was relived that now you probably won't contact me since we don't have common objective anymore and i'd probably be back to being myself. But, you used to sometimes checkup and i used to wonder "why is she doing this? what are we supposed to talk about now?". My "keep your distance" plan was failing, so i, like an idiot i was, started dry replying hpoing you'd eventually lose interest. And, finally plan succeeded around october, 2017.

For over more than a year, we had zero contact. I thought i was finally done, over you, back to being the rational person i was. Well, wrong again. Now, in past 7-8 months, some events happened which made me realize that i had to finally face facts and atleast ask you if you are single or not. I probably should have done this way back when i was being an idiot.

Now, I do understand that its totally unacceptable on my part to just corp up after years of no contact and ask such a personal question, and its reasonable for you to disregard everything i got to say and carry on with your life as usual. Because, why not? I can't just come out of nowhere and dump my personal problems on you.

So yeah, this was me trying to figure out wtf is going wrong with me for past few years and failing miserably.

Finally, just a side note, I find this way too embarassing and idiotic, that if anyone besides you gets this, I'd have to change my identity, move to another country and start my life from scratch.

short version -
Had first crush, wasn't ready to accept it, didn't knew what to do.
Decided to maintain distance, minimize contact, thought it'd subside, DIDN'T WORK.
Some things happened, made me realize that I should atleast ask and here we are.
Also, didn't wanna regret not being able to ask someone who had my interest piqued.

What i plan to do if you single -
Nothing too dramatic, I had crush you way back, its been a long time and people change.
For now i only intend to just engage more, invest some time, get to know you better, and see how things go.

If not single, this topic won't be touched by me again, ever.
